docs: Add matrix of supported features by target language (#2268)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/DafnyRef/UserGuide.md

| [Collections with trait element types](#sec-collection-types) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [User-defined types with traits as type parameters](#sec-trait-types) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |  X  |
| [External module names with only underscores](#sec-extern-decls) |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |  X  |  X  |
| [Co-inductive datatypes](#sec-co-inductive-datatypes) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  |
| [Multisets](#sec-multisets) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  |
| [Runtime type descriptors](#) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  |
| [Multi-dimensional arrays](#sec-multi-dimensional-arrays) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Map comprehensions](#sec-map-comprehension-expression) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Traits](#sec-trait-types) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Let-such-that expressions](#sec-let-expression) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Non-native numeric newtypes](#sec-newtypes) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Method synthesis](#sec-synthesize-attr) |  X  |  |  |  |  |  |
| [External classes](#sec-extern-decls) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Instantiating the `object` type](#sec-object-type) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |

> | [`forall` statements that cannot be sequentialized](#sec-forall-statement)[^feature-note-1] |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  |

Author: Ah yes, I see now that this is better so that footnote links are not broken when the set of footnote changes (which it would if the labels are sequentially numbered), good call.

| [The /runAllTests option](#sec-test-attribute) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Integer range constraints in quantifiers (e.g. `a <= x <= b`)](#sec-quantifier-domains) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |
| [Exact value constraints in quantifiers (`x == C`)](#sec-quantifier-domains) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  |
| [Sequence displays of characters](#sec-sequence-displays)[^feature-note-2] |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Type test expressions (`x is T`)](#sec-as-expression) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Type test expressions on subset types](#sec-as-expression) |  |  |  |  |  |  |
| [Quantifiers](#sec-quantifier-expression) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [Bitvector RotateLeft/RotateRight functions](#sec-bit-vector-types) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |
| [`for` loops](#sec-for-loops) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |
| [`continue` statements](#sec-break-continue) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |
| [Assign-such-that statements with potentially infinite bounds](#sec-update-and-call-statement)[^feature-note-3] |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |
| [Sequence update expressions](#sec-other-sequence-expressions) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |

> | [Sequence constructions with non-lambda initializers](#sec-sequence-displays)[^feature-note-4] |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Sequence constructions with non-lambda initializers](#sec-sequence-displays)[^compiler-sequence-display-nolambda-note] |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |
```

| [Externally-implemented constructors](#sec-extern-decls) |  X  |  |  |  X  |  X  |  X  |
| [Static constants](#sec-constant-field-declarations) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |
| [Auto-initialization of tuple variables](#sec-tuple-types) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |
| [Subtype constraints in quantifiers](#sec-quantifier-expression) |  X  |  X  |  X  |  X  |  |  X  |

[^feature-note-1]: 'Sequentializing' a `forall` statement refers to compiling it directly to a series of nested loops
    with the statement's body directly inside. The alternative, default compilation strategy
    is to calculate the quantified variable bindings separately as a collection of tuples,
    and then execute the statement's body for each tuple.
    Not all `forall` statements can be sequentialized; See [the implementation](https://github.com/dafny-lang/dafny/blob/master/Source/Dafny/Compilers/SinglePassCompiler.cs#L3493-L3528)
    for details.

> [^feature-note-2]: This refers to an expression such as `['H', 'e', 'l', 'l', 'o']`, as opposed to a string literal such as "Hello".

Author: The point is that although `string == seq<char>`, a sequence display of characters (`['H', 'e', 'l', 'l', 'o']`) is a different AST construct than a string literal (`"Hello"`), and Python doesn't yet support the first one, because it needs to recognize it as a special case and compile it differently than an arbitrary sequence display.

[^feature-note-3]: This refers to assign-such-that statements with multiple variables,
    and where at least one variable has potentially infinite bounds.
    For example, the implementation of the statement `var x: nat, y: nat :| y != 0 && x / y == 10;`

>     needs to avoid the naive approach of iterating all possible values of `x` and `y` in a nested loop.

Author: Ah that's better thanks, I struggled to think of a valid example. :)

> [^feature-note-4]: Sequence construction expressions often use a direct lambda expression, as in `seq(10, x => x * x)`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[^compiler-sequence-display-nolambda-note]: Sequence construction expressions often use a direct lambda expression, as in `seq(10, x => x * x)`,
```
